[rancher v2.9] update docs for rancher ui extensions (#1301)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/integrations-in-rancher/rancher-extensions.md

> 2. Extension support must be enabled.

## Enabling extension support in Rancher

With the release of rancher v2.9.0, there's no need to install a separate extension operator anymore, extension support is now included in Rancher Manager by default.

You can check if it's enabled by checking the `uiextension` feature flag. Any changes to this feature flag will result in a restart of the rancher pod.
The behavior is as follows:

1. When it’s enabled for the first time, it will create the needed resources, such as the CRD, for UI Extensions to work.
2. When disabled, it will disable the endpoints and won’t cache any files, but it **won’t remove** any CRs or delete any extensions that were installed before.
3. When enabled for the second time forwards, it will expose the required endpoints again and, if needed, create any new CRD. The extensions that were already installed will be loaded after the rancher pod restarts.

### Caching extension files

By default, Rancher will cache every extension file in the filesystem. You can change that behavior by changing the value of `plugin.noCache` to `true`.

> Rancher, however, limits the size of files cached to 20MB, and in case an extension has a file bigger than that,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher does have a cached file size limit of 20MB. If an extension has a file bigger than that,
```

the cache will be disabled and `plugin.noCache` will be set to true, regardless of the user input.

## Installing Extensions

1. Click **☰ > Extensions** under **Configuration**.

2. On the **Extensions** page, click on the **Available** tab to select which extensions you want to install.

3. If no extensions are showing as available, you may manually add repos as follows:

>     4.1. On the upper right of screen, click on **⋮ > Manage Repositories > Create**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4.1. On the upper right, click **⋮ > Manage Repositories > Create**.
```

## Prerequisites

> 1. You must log in as an administrator to view and interact with the extensions management page.
> 2. You must enable extension support.

## Enabling Extension Support in Rancher

> In Rancher v2.9.0 and later, extension support is now included by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher v2.9.0 and later includes extension support.
```

When you enable extension support for the first time, it creates resources, such as the CRDs, so that UI Extensions can work. When extension support is disabled, it disables the endpoints and does not cache any files. However, it does not remove any CRs or delete any extensions that were installed before. If re-enabled, it exposes the required endpoints again and creates CRDs as needed. The extensions that were already installed load after the Rancher pod restarts.

### Caching Extension Files

By default, Rancher caches every extension file in the file system. You can change that behavior by setting `plugin.noCache` to `true`.

Rancher does have a cached file size limit of 20MB. If an extension has a file bigger than that, the cache is disabled and `plugin.noCache` is set to `true`, regardless of user input.

## Installing Extensions

1. Click **☰ > Extensions** under **Configuration**.

2. On the **Extensions** page, select the **Available** tab to choose the extensions that you want to install.

3. If no extensions are listed as available, you can manually add the repos:

>     4.1. On the upper right, click **⋮ > Manage Repositories > Create**.
> 
>     4.2. Add the desired repo name, making sure to also specify the Git repo URL and the Git branch.
> 
>     4.3. Click **Create** in the lower right again to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3.1. On the upper right, click **⋮ > Manage Repositories > Create**.

    3.2. Add the desired repo name, making sure to also specify the Git repo URL and the Git branch.

    3.3. Click **Create** in the lower right again to complete.
```

## Prerequisites

> 1. You must log in as an administrator to view and interact with the extensions management page.
> 2. You must enable extension support.

## Enabling Extension Support in Rancher

> In Rancher v2.9.0 and later, extension support is now included in Rancher Manager by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rancher v2.9.0 and later, extension support is now included by default.
```

You can confirm if extension support is enabled by checking the `uiextension` feature flag. Any changes to this feature flag cause the Rancher pod to restart.

> When extension support is enabled for the first time, it creates resources, such as the CRD, so that UI Extensions can work.
> When extension support is disabled, it disables the endpoints and does not cache any files. However, it does not remove any CRs or delete any extensions that were installed before.
> If re-enabled, it exposes the required endpoints again and creates CRDs as needed. The extensions that were already installed load after the Rancher pod restarts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you enable extension support for the first time, it creates resources, such as the CRDs, so that UI Extensions can work. When extension support is disabled, it disables the endpoints and does not cache any files. However, it does not remove any CRs or delete any extensions that were installed before. If re-enabled, it exposes the required endpoints again and creates CRDs as needed. The extensions that were already installed load after the Rancher pod restarts.
```

### Caching Extension Files

> By default, Rancher caches every extension file in the filesystem. You can change that behavior by setting `plugin.noCache` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Rancher caches every extension file in the file system. You can change that behavior by setting `plugin.noCache` to `true`.
```

> Rancher does have a cached file size limit of 20MB. If an extension has a file bigger than that,
> the cache is disabled and `plugin.noCache` is set to `true`, regardless of user input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher does have a cached file size limit of 20MB. If an extension has a file bigger than that, the cache is disabled and `plugin.noCache` is set to `true`, regardless of user input.
```

## Installing Extensions

1. Click **☰ > Extensions** under **Configuration**.

> 2. On the **Extensions** page, select the **Available** tab to choose extensions you want to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the **Extensions** page, select the **Available** tab to choose the extensions that you want to install.
```

> 3. If no extensions are showing as available, you may manually add repos as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If no extensions are listed as available, you can manually add the repos:
```

    4.1. On the upper right, click **⋮ > Manage Repositories > Create**.

>     4.2. Add the desired repo name, making sure to also specify the Git Repo URL and the Git Branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4.2. Add the desired repo name, making sure to also specify the Git repo URL and the Git branch.
```

Not part of the PR but weird capitalization

    4.3. Click **Create** in the lower right again to complete.

    ![Manage repositories](/img/manage-repos.png)

> 4. Under the **Available** tab, click **Install** on the desired extension and version as in the example below. You can also update your extension from this screen, as the button to **Update** appears on the extension if an update is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under the **Available** tab, click **Install** on the desired extension and version, as in the example below. You can also update your extension from this screen. The button to **Update** appears on the extension card if an update is available.
```

    ![Install Kubewarden](/img/install-kubewarden.png)

> 5. Click the **Reload** button after your extension successfully installs to check its status. Updates to the UI aren't visible until you reload the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click **Reload** after your extension successfully installs to check its status. Updates to the UI aren't visible until you reload the page.
```

    ![Manage repositories](/img/manage-repos.png)

> 4. Under the **Available** tab, click **Install** on the desired extension and version as in the example below. You can also update your extension from this screen, as the button to **Update** will appear on the extension if one is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Under the **Available** tab, click **Install** on the desired extension and version as in the example below. You can also update your extension from this screen, as the button to **Update** appears on the extension if an update is available.
```

    ![Install Kubewarden](/img/install-kubewarden.png)

> 5. Click the **Reload** page button that will appear after your extension successfully installs. Note that a logged-in user who has just installed an extension will not see a change to the UI **unless** they reload the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click the **Reload** button after your extension successfully installs to check its status. Updates to the UI aren't visible until you reload the page.
```

:::

## Enabling Unauthenticated Access to an Extension

In Rancher v2.9.0, you can allow unauthenticated access to an extension. You may want to enable unauthenticated access if the extension enables a new locale or adds custom branding. By default, all extensions require user authentication to load. 

To enable unauthenticated access to an extension, set `plugin.noAuth` to `true` in the CR used by the extension.

> 

Reviewer 2: @diogoasouza Remove this extra empty line

Author: Done

:::

> ## Enabling unauthenticated access to an extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enabling Unauthenticated Access to an Extension
```
